---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Hiding Spots

Once the seekers have entered your hiding zone and the end game has begun, you must stay put in a single spot until they've found you–this is your final hiding spot.

Hiding spots can be anywhere within your hiding zone, but they must be somewhere that is **publicly accessible during all game hours** (all hours you will be playing, excluding rest periods). You cannot, for example, hide in a bathroom stall, or someone's house. This does not mean that your hiding spot has to be on literal public property, but rather that the seeker's must be able to access it at any point during the game. You should also make sure that staying in your spot for an extended period of time will not raise any suspicions or create the potential for you to get kicked out–for this reason we'd suggest avoiding stores or other businesses, even if they're open during all game hours.

Your hiding spot must also be **within 10 feet of a marked path or road on the map app(s) that you are using for your game**–no wandering off into the wilderness or swimming out to sea. Viable paths and roads should be easy to discern on any map, but if there's any question as to whether one counts, the test is whether or not your map app will use them for walking directions. In other words, the seekers should be able to theoretically follow a route generated by the app to within 10 feet of your hiding spot. 

Your hiding spot is considered final the moment that the end game starts. If you aren't where you want to be when the seekers enter your hiding zone, too bad–wherever you're standing at that moment is your hiding spot. (If for whatever reason you aren't somewhere publicly accessible when the end game starts, you must immediately go to the nearest possible publicly accessible spot and stay there instead.)

We reccomend spending some time scoping out your zone and looking for the perfect hiding spot–a clever enough spot can buy you an hour or more even after the seekers have found your station.